# INTROSPECTION

__a__. My WhatsApp chats with my classsmates (whom I've never met yet) proves that I can be quite a really good teacher. For some reason, I've always had a patience to  help the ones trying to learn if they genuinely want to learn. (The patience drains away only when I try to teach my younger sister - we usually end up fighting). My in-built empathy is really strong which obviously makes me a probem-solver - be it emotional or coding-related, I can pretty much easily predict possible errors a code or a human being can make. As part of the empathy, I can think of different ways to solve a problem effortlessly, which ultimately gives an edge in programming. Give me a corner of a moderately silent room, with Wi-Fi and a charging port, I can sit there days coding without complaining :smirk: \
I genuinely wish you would choose me beacause I've always been so passionate about coding and amFOSS and the help put forward by the seniors is just unaccountable. So, I just can't wait to be a part of the team and if everything goes alright, be a senior and help the next Freshers :relieved: .
Another plus point is, I can spend days surfing random stuffs and find tricks and tips for betterment of literally anything, especially text formatting in markdowns. 
And, I'm quite brave enough to experiment on stuffs to see if the outcome is similar to what I'd predicted - has led me to innumerable serious problems, though. Theoretical learning is way out of my league, which was a disadvantage for my whole school life. I need hands-on real-life application+experiment to store that info in brain permanently. So far, from the Fresher's task, I've learnt a lot of practical applications. 


__b__. By the end of next 6months, I'd be tasting whole 1st Sem of my college life and finding ways to adapt into the lifestyle in hostel and living with friends. So, I'd be concentrating on how to be independent from teachers and family(once I reach hostel). I'd be learning more and more programming languages and concreting my basics of the languages I already know. Being curious as a cat, I'd be trying to complete the incomplete amFOSS tasks. But it highly depends upon the assignments, homeworks and lectures that are to be completed. As of now the plan is and would always be to go with the flow.

P.S: I actually have no answer for this question. Even a mere plan for an hour goes down the drain. I'm more of a happy-go-lucky person. I clearly stick on to the common Malayalam phrase "Varaanullathu vazhiyil thangilla" (Things that should happen, be it good or bad, will happen, no matter what)

__c__. I would surely work really hard and smart - coding wise, also importantly, I'd be a good teacher. Being able to think in different angles helps me teach people easily - poitning out the common possible misconcepts and also guess their requirements and mental background. I can also make stuffs less complicated, again, be it programs or situations. And the main thing would be __I NEVER GIVE UP__. Once I get a work to be done, and once I begin it, there's no going back. That's one of the prime reasons why I've reached this far, writing a proud README showing off the number of tasks I've completed within 40 days(that might not be a big deal, but still... baby steps).
\
\
__d__. Honest fact: I'd already checked 2019 Fresher's Tasks on the day "Praveshan" site was up and was prepared for what to come. So, unlike my friends who were apalled, I was quite calm and composed. I approached each question with 100% confidence(which kind of started depleting later, though) and found out ways to solve. This selection process really sieves out apt and talented people out of a whole lot of students. This process actually helps the students to know if they can cope up with academics and the club. In my opinion, I loved this approach. Unlike the school clubs where students join club to bunk class and get some special privileges, this process gives a trailer of what might happen later.Cannot lie, the lines from the task sheet like, ___You only have to learn the necessary things which are required to complete the task.___ and ___Please ask your questions in the discord channel whose link was sent along with the mail.___ was really motivating and inspiring and helped me to atleast think of ways of working out a problem daily, if I couldn't do it.
